added manage  Insider Preview builds org link (#9841)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/whats-new/windows-11.md

If you are interested in testing Windows 11 before general availability, you can join the [Windows Insider Program](https://insider.windows.com) or [Windows Insider Program for Business](https://insider.windows.com/for-business). You can also preview Windows 11 by enabling pre-release Windows 10 feature updates in [Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager](/mem/configmgr/core/servers/manage/pre-release-features) or [Windows Server Update Services](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/windows-it-pro-blog/publishing-pre-release-windows-10-feature-updates-to-wsus/ba-p/845054) (WSUS).

> If you're an administrator, you can manage installations of Windows 11 Insider Preview Builds across multiple devices in your organization using Group Policy, MDM solutions such as Intune, Configuration Manager, or [Windows Server Update Services](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/windows-it-pro-blog/publishing-pre-release-windows-10-feature-updates-to-wsus/ba-p/845054) (WSUS).For more informinformation see [Manage Insider Preview builds across your organization](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-insider/business/manage-builds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an administrator, you can manage installations of Windows 11 Insider Preview Builds across multiple devices in your organization using Group Policy, MDM solutions such as Intune, Configuration Manager, or [Windows Server Update Services](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/windows-it-pro-blog/publishing-pre-release-windows-10-feature-updates-to-wsus/ba-p/845054) (WSUS). For more information, see [Manage Insider Preview builds across your organization](/windows-insider/business/manage-builds).
```
